Added hsm samples using Gateway (#759)
hyperledger/fabric-samples: hardware-security-module/README.md

```
Error: Cannot find module 'pkcs11js'
```

how to install the required C Compilers and Python will depend on your operating system and version.

### SoftHSM

In order to run the application in the absence of a real HSM, a software
emulator of the PKCS#11 interface is required.
For more information please refer to [SoftHSM](https://www.opendnssec.org/softhsm/).

SoftHSM can either be installed using the package manager for your host system:

* Ubuntu: `sudo apt install softhsm2`
* macOS: `brew install softhsm`
* Windows: **unsupported**

Or compiled and installed from source:

1. install openssl 1.0.0+ or botan 1.10.0+
2. download the source code from <https://dist.opendnssec.org/source/softhsm-2.5.0.tar.gz>
3. `tar -xvf softhsm-2.5.0.tar.gz`
4. `cd softhsm-2.5.0`
5. `./configure --disable-gost` (would require additional libraries, turn it off unless you need 'gost' algorithm support for the Russian market)
6. `make`
7. `sudo make install`

### PKCS#11 enabled fabric-ca-client binary
To be able to register and enroll identities using an HSM you need a PKCS#11 enabled version of `fabric-ca-client`
To install this use the following command

```bash

> go install -tags 'pkcs11' github.com/hyperledger/fabric-ca/cmd/fabric-ca-client@latest

Reviewer: This was my only stumbling block when reviewing the PR.  I had tried running with the default `fabric-ca-client` 1.5.5 binaries, installed with the bootstrap.sh installer to a local scratch / bin directory.  Either add a note here that the client binary installed to GOROOT with `-tags` .... should be added to the PATH, or change `generate-hsm-user.sh` script to explicitly call the installed client from GOROOT.

Author: GOROOT is automatically added to the  PATH right ?

   # To deploy the Go chaincode implementation
   ./network.sh deployCC -ccn basic -ccp ../asset-transfer-basic/chaincode-go/ -ccl go

   # To deploy the Java chaincode implementation
   ./network.sh deployCC -ccn basic -ccp ../asset-transfer-basic/chaincode-java/ -ccl java
   ```

## Initialize a token to store keys in SoftHSM

If you have not initialized a token previously (or it has been deleted) then you will need to perform this one time operation

```bash
echo directories.tokendir = /tmp > $HOME/softhsm2.conf
export SOFTHSM2_CONF=$HOME/softhsm2.conf
softhsm2-util --init-token --slot 0 --label "ForFabric" --pin 98765432 --so-pin 1234
```

This will create a SoftHSM configuration file called `softhsm2.conf` and will be stored in the home directory. This is
where the sample expects to find a SoftHSM configuration file

The Security Officer PIN, specified with the `--so-pin` flag, can be used to re-initialize the token,
and the user PIN (see below), specified with the `--pin` flag, is used by applications to access the token for
generating and retrieving keys.

## Enroll the HSM User

A user, `HSMUser`, who is HSM managed needs to be registered then enrolled for the sample.

> If the "standard" PKCS11 library locations checked for by the script don't include the library(libsofthsm2.so) location for your environment set the `PKCS11_LIB` environment variable to define the library location.
> 
> ```bash
> PKCS11_LIB='<path to PKCS11 library location>' scripts/generate-hsm-user.sh HSMUser
> ```
> 
> This will register a user `HSMUser` with the CA in Org1 (if not already registered) and then enroll that user which will
> generate a certificate on the file system for use by the sample. The private key is stored in SoftHSM

Reviewer 2: Seeing setting the `PKCS11_LIB` environment mentioned multiple times and multiple different ways in this document, I suspect it would be simpler to just mention it once here and have them set the environment variable for the shell so that it applies to all the following commands run in the shell. Then no need to mention the environment variable in the sections describing how to run each language version of the sample.
```suggestion
If your PKCS11 library (libsofthsm2.so) is not located in one of the typical Linux system locations checked by this sample's scripts and applications, you will need to explicitly specify the library location using the `PKCS11_LIB` environment variable.

```bash
export PKCS11_LIB='<path to PKCS11 library location>'```

Register a user `HSMUser` with the CA in Org1 (if not already registered) and then enroll that user which will
generate a certificate on the file system for use by the sample. The private key is stored in SoftHSM

```bash
scripts/generate-hsm-user.sh HSMUser```
```

### Go SDK

For HSM support you need to ensure you include the `pkcs11` build tag.
Mention the PKCS11_LIB environment variable in case of a non-standard library location

```
cd hardware-security-module/application-go

> go run -tags pkcs11 PKCS11_LIB=<path to PKCS11 library location> .

Reviewer 2: This is a malformed command that does not run. The `PKCS11_LIB=...` portion is a shell command that sets an environment variable for the following command. The command should be `go run -tags pkcs11 .`

```

### Node SDK

Mention the PKCS11_LIB environment variable in case of a non-standard library location
```
export PKCS11_LIB=<path to PKCS11 library location>
cd hardware-security-module/application-typescript
npm install
npm start
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Cleanup
```
